README.md, before:

# danger-plugin-coverage

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/danger-plugin-coverage.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/danger-plugin-coverage)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![.github/workflows/deploy.yml](https://github.com/alexandermendes/danger-plugin-coverage/workflows/.github/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/alexandermendes/danger-plugin-coverage/actions)


> A Danger plugin to report code coverage.

This plugin reads coverage report in the `clover.xml` format. This format is
output by various JavaScript testing libraries, such as [Jest](https://jestjs.io/),
as well as testing libraries for other languages, such as [PHPUnit](https://phpunit.de/).

## Usage

Install:

```sh
yarn add danger-plugin-coverage --dev
```

At a glance:

```js
// dangerfile.js
import coverage from 'danger-plugin-coverage';

schedule(coverage());
```

Note that the coverage report output by your test runner must exist before Danger
is run. By default we will look for the report at `coverage/clover.xml`, which
is the default output location for Jest.

Coverage will be reported as in the example below.

## Coverage Report

> Test coverage is looking a little low for the files created or modified in this PR, perhaps we need to improve this.

```
Coverage threshold for branches (80%) not met: 33.33%
Coverage threshold for functions (80%) not met: 66.67%
```

|Impacted Files|% Stmts|% Branch|% Funcs||
|---|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|[src/module-one.js]()|100|100|100|:white_check_mark:|
|[src/module-two.js]()|95.24|33.33|66.67|:x:|
|[src/module-three.js]()|82.33|100|44.55|:x:|
|[src/module-four.js]()|95.24|82.55|81.55|:white_check_mark:|

## Settings

The function accepts a settings object with the following properties:

| name                  | description                                                     |
|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `successMessage`      | A custom message to show when coverage is above the threshold.  |
| `failureMessage`      | A custom message to show when coverage is bellow the threshold. |

**Example:**

```js
import coverage from 'danger-plugin-coverage';

schedule(coverage({
  successMessage: ':+1: Test coverage is looking good.',
  failureMessage: ':-1: Test coverage is not looking so good.',
}));
```

Commit message:

feat: add support for custom coverage report path

README.md, after:

# danger-plugin-coverage

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/danger-plugin-coverage.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/danger-plugin-coverage)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![.github/workflows/deploy.yml](https://github.com/alexandermendes/danger-plugin-coverage/workflows/.github/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/alexandermendes/danger-plugin-coverage/actions)


> A Danger plugin to report code coverage.

This plugin reads coverage report in the `clover.xml` format. This format is
output by various JavaScript testing libraries, such as [Jest](https://jestjs.io/),
as well as testing libraries for other languages, such as [PHPUnit](https://phpunit.de/).

## Usage

Install:

```sh
yarn add danger-plugin-coverage --dev
```

At a glance:

```js
// dangerfile.js
import coverage from 'danger-plugin-coverage';

schedule(coverage());
```

Note that the coverage report output by your test runner must exist before Danger
is run. By default we will look for the report at `coverage/clover.xml`, which
is the default output location for Jest.

Coverage will be reported as in the example below.

## Coverage Report

> Test coverage is looking a little low for the files created or modified in this PR, perhaps we need to improve this.

```
Coverage threshold for branches (80%) not met: 33.33%
Coverage threshold for functions (80%) not met: 66.67%
```

|Impacted Files|% Stmts|% Branch|% Funcs||
|---|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|[src/module-one.js]()|100|100|100|:white_check_mark:|
|[src/module-two.js]()|95.24|33.33|66.67|:x:|
|[src/module-three.js]()|82.33|100|44.55|:x:|
|[src/module-four.js]()|95.24|82.55|81.55|:white_check_mark:|

## Settings

The function accepts a settings object with the following properties:

| name               | description                                                     |
|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `successMessage`   | A custom message to show when coverage is above the threshold.  |
| `failureMessage`   | A custom message to show when coverage is bellow the threshold. |
| `cloverReportPath` | The relative path to the `clover.xml` file.                     |

**Example:**

```js
import coverage from 'danger-plugin-coverage';

schedule(coverage({
  successMessage: ':+1: Test coverage is looking good.',
  failureMessage: ':-1: Test coverage is not looking so good.',
  cloverReportPath: './coverage/clover.xml',
}));
```
